(CHOJI) Human Boulder!
No way!
And Cho-Cho...
that one isn't the only jutsu
that's been passed down through
the Akimichi Clan!
That's so cool!
Now watch me very carefully...
This is a super-secret secret!
Releasing your chakra all at
once and surpassing the limits
of your physical power...
Butterfly Mode!
[grunt]
Did you see that, Cho-Cho?
This jutsu will also be-
[chewing]
Oh! Tomaru! You are super extra
cool!
[swooning]
Our two families are the most
bitter of enemies...
And that means... for us to fall
in love would be...
I will never betray you, dear.
For... as long as you wear this
ring, our love...
...will shine brightly forever!
[groaning]
[eating]
I wonder if we raised her to
be too trendy...
This is generations-old secret
training, and she's hooked on
chips and a soap opera.
Oh, Dad...?
Hm?
I need you to sign this form.
Uh, sign it?
Yup! Sounds like this upcoming
mission is super complicated...
so they need to do a background
check.
Hm? Blehhh! You got your
paperwork all greasy! Seriously,
Cho-Cho?!
Oh, wow Tomaru! You're so cool!
[chuckle]
♪♪♪♪ [JAPANESE THEME MUSIC] ♪♪
[pleased exhale ]}
[nervous groan]
I see you've become quite adept
at physical transformations, as
expected.
You are my son, after all.
Now, then... you wanted me to
sign a form?
Mm.
The Ninja World has become quite
formal, hasn't it?
There's a section on the form
for guardian information. Are
you my father or my mother?
What should I write there?
That's a rather silly question.
Although... I don't really care
either way. It's just...
At times, I've been a man, and
others, a woman...
And even... something not of
this world.
Surface appearances are
meaningless.
The will to uncover all truth,
that is the core of my being.
[chuckle] But that won't fit on
your form...
Core...?
(OROCHIMARU) You will understand
in time.
[gulp]
(TOMARU) I can't see into your
heart.
[sigh]
But still, I can confirm the
truth.
With my eyes...
...and my lips...
[gasps]
No, I can't do this!
Ah! My poor heart!
(TOMARU) Like I said...
...as long as you wear this
ring...
...the love that we share
will...
...shine brightly for ever and
ever...
Why do they keep saying the same
thing over and over?
Hey! Leave!
Ughh!
Please, try to focus on the
lesson, Cho-Cho.
Fine! You just bring Tomaru
here. And then I'll be happy to
train.
Who's Tomaru?
[gasp]
I hope this Tomaru crush-thing
is just some passing craze.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Speak for yourself, Mom.
Was it a "passing craze" that
made you pick someone like Dad?
The hell...?!
Ohhh, bullseye!
That's enough outta you,
daughter! Or do you wanna fight
me?!
C'mon now, calm down, okay? I
love the both of you guys!
[growling] Huh?!
[sigh] I don't get it. How can
Dad be okay with being so dense?
Seriously! [chewing]
I see. [chuckle] A dad who's
super sense? I know all too well
just what that's like...
[sigh]
Here.
Hm?
Well for now, just eat these.
Consommé flavor.
Uh...
I've found that a few calories
make almost everything better.
Oh, uh, thanks...
Did you prefer lightly salted?
Oh! No!
I'm not gonna let my life be
bound by calories! That's the
motto I live by!
But, still...
I'm not gonna sit by and ignore
that troubled expression of
yours.
It doesn't matter to me one
little bit if I'm bound by
friendship. Hm!
I mean, what can I say? I have a
big heart!
Thank you, Cho-Cho!
You're right. You really do have
a big heart, too.
"Too...?"
Ahhh! You have a big heart,
that's all!
So that just slipped out, huh?
You just insulted one of your
best friends! Didn't you?!
[nervous breath] I love you
Cho-Cho! [chuckle]
Yeah, well... a heart as big as
mine requires a big vessel to
carry it around in...
Exactly! You know what I mean!
You get it!
Yeah, it's true. I'm pretty much
perfect.
Although... there's one thing
that I'm missing...
What's that?
I need a man!
A really handsome guy to call my
own!
Uh...
[chattering]
[inhale and sigh]
But you know... I think what I'm
gonna have to do is cut the size
of this vessel down...
just a little bit at least...
You mean, like a diet?
And what's that? Is it edible?
Hello! Don't you remember the
motto I just told you?!
Uhhh...
I'm not gonna let my life be
bound by calories! You got it?!
Okay, but, then how else are you
gonna make your "vessel"
smaller, then?
Ughhh!
Just watch!
[grunt]
Cho-Cho...?
Hm!
W-What is this?
It's a super-secret secret of
the Akimichi Clan! But also, you
can call it...
Super Cho-Cho Butterfly Mode!
Wow!
Amazing! That's just incredible!
The only thing is that unlike my
dad, when I use this, I can't
really amp up to maximum power.
What? But that's totally not
good!
Nope, it isn't a problem!
The real issue is that now guys
will just stare at me even more
intensely than they normally do!
Mmmm...
C'mon, let's go!
We're going to be bodyguards for
an A-list actor?
Yeah, it's a joint mission
that'll be utilizing both our
team and Team 10.
But to tell the truth, if we
have to guard someone...
then I'd prefer it a whole lot
more if it were an actress,
instead!
It shouldn't matter who we're
protecting, right?
Uhhh... Of course, it matters!
It's a huge issue that
determines how motivated you
are!
You're late!
You're supposed to be at the
meeting place on time for a
mission!
[chuckle] Yeah, my bad!
Hey, Sarada... Is that girl
the one that we're supposed
to...?
[chuckle]
Ehhhh!
Uhhhh....! I-it's so nice to
meet you! Uh, my name is Bor-
wait, what?
Don't you recognize Cho-Cho?
Don't be ridiculous! Someone
that beautiful can't be Cho-Cho!
Don't insult her like that!
Excuse me?! You're the only one
being insulting here, Boruto!
Seriously...?!
Okay, this is awkward...
You hear that? You see what I
mean about men?!
But what happened to you, then?
Are you feeling sick or
something like that?
Oh, please! I'm not sick in the
slightest bit. I've never been
healthier.
What you're looking at is the
real me!
Cho-Cho, you're so uninhibited.
Yeah, so what?! Look, don't go
declaring your love for me!
Just forget it! A rosy future
with someone plain like you is
nowhere near on my horizon.
Hmph! Try again some other time!
[chuckle] It seems that the
symptoms are getting worse...
All I was really trying to say
is that you're a free spirit...
[chattering]
[sigh] What is this weird
sensation...?
I just keep on having this
feeling like I'm gonna have some
kind of incredible encounter...
with a really handsome guy
today. [chuckle]
Steak over hamburger any day, am
I right, Sarada?
[chuckle] Yeah, I guess so...
Oh! Excuse me?
Huh? Ah!
Steak...! [smitten giggles]
Can you tell me where to find
the Hokage's office?
Oh, uh... Hold on, are you two
the ones that we...
Oh, I'm so sorry!
My name's Tomaru. This is
Ashina, who plays my love
interest.
A pleasure.
We came down here to talk to the
Hokage about a mission. But
we're lost.
So you're here for the mission
we've been assigned today?
Well, that's quite a surprise,
huh, Cho-Cho?
Cho-Cho...?
The office is just up ahead...
These guys seem so kind. That's
a big relief! Right, Ashina?
I guess so.
(NARUTO) Yes?
After you.
Oh, thanks.
Uh... [sigh]
Ah! Cho-Cho?! What happened? Are
you feeling sick or something-?!
I'm feeling perfectly fine,
thank you very much.
Wait, hold on. Let me guess. Did
you use that jutsu again?
Any way you look at it, your
appearance is just a sham...
Okay, it seems everyone's here.
Let's get started then. Now, I'm
sure you've all guessed... but
your mission is to-
Lord Hokage...?
Hm?
I'm wondering if it's better if
I just explain to them what's
going on myself.
You see... Ashina and I...
...have both had our lives
threatened.
[gasps] What?!
[gasp]
So do you have any idea who's
behind these threats?
We have a suspicion that it's an
overzealous fan who hates the
fact that the characters...
played by these two actors are
lovers on the show.
I guess sometimes it's not so
easy being popular.
This isn't the first time I've
received threats like these.
I think our producer is
overreacting.
It's a serious threat! We can't
just overlook it, can we?!
[sniffing]
Hm?
Oh, wow! Actresses even smell
different than normal people...!
Though we both know someone who
smells like potato chips.
Hey, Sarada, give it to me
straight: do I smell like
consommé?
No. not at all.
Okay. Team 7 is assigned to Ms.
Ashina.
Yes!
(NARUTO) Team 10 will guard Mr.
Tomaru.
Alright teams! Your bodyguard
mission starts now!
Yes, sir!
[chattering]
(FEMALE STAFF) Okay, next!
When you see behind the scenes,
everything on set is really
shabby...
Wow, blunt much...?
(DIRECTOR) Alright... your
mark's right there.
And don't get in between the
hero and the camera.
Ok. I'll be careful!
Great, thanks for that!
Tomaru, the scene we're shooting
today is a real tear-jerker! So
give it your all, as usual!
Right! You're the director!
[sigh]
Oh, no; my pen's run out of
ink... Huh?
Here, use this.
Oh, great. Thank you. It was,
uh, Cho-Cho, wasn't it?
Maybe...
(FEMALE STAFF) The shot's all
set up now!
[sigh] So hot in here... Huh?
Take this.
You're very thoughtful.
(FEMALE STAFF) Alright, that's
lunch! Back in half an hour!
[sigh of relief]
Oh, good. I wonder what they'll
have for lunch today? Huh?
Here. Eat this.
You're good!
Oh, and is there anything to
drink?
Ah! Wait right here.
Hmmm...
Wow, that Cho-Cho girl really is
rather mysterious, isn't she?
Hmmm, I want to know more...
You're not wrong about that.
She's totally a mystery to us.
Isn't that right, Inojin?
Oh yeah, she's full of
surprises...
[chuckle]
She seems like such a reserved,
shy girl... [chuckle]
I really didn't care for that
smile of his...
Me, either...
[exasperated sigh] It seems
Boruto's team got the better end
of this whole deal...
I wish I could be that actress's
bodyguard instead...
Water!
Ah! Right!
[gulping]
More fanning! Come on!
[angered breath] It's all so you
can be Hokage...
Remember that!
I need you to move your hands,
not your mouth!
[trembling]
[uncomfortable chuckle]
Continue.
To the beautiful Miss Ashina,
This is my first fan letter...
Next one.
Miss Ashina, you're like a
goddess to me...
Next one.
You deserve to be sent straight
to hell.
[gasps]
Next one.
Eh! But wasn't that another
threatening letter just now?!
Ugh, I told you, I get them
practically every day.
I can't get all worked up
whenever I get one of them.
Next!
My beloved Ms. Ashina... When I
finally see you-
Hey, you with the glasses! Get
me some cough drops.
[grunting]
[chattering]
[sigh] Huh?
Here you go. I didn't know what
you like to drink...
so I just bought one of every
flavor they had.
You're very kind, you know
that?
Not really. It's just how I
normally am.
A girl who's as beautiful and
as stylish as you- and devoted
to her work... Frankly...
that's every man's ideal dream!
Hm?
Sparkle!
Later!
[heavy breathing]
Stupid, stupid, stupid! I'm
being so stupid! What in the
world is going on with me...
here?!
Why can't I just be myself in
front of Tomaru?! C'mon, drop
the fake attitude, Cho-Cho!
[groan]
Uh, Cho-Cho...?
Ahhh!
W-What's up? And make it quick,
okay? I'm really busy...
What is going on, Cho-Cho?
You're not the kind of person
who'd be subservient to anyone!
What do you mean? I treat
everyone the exact same way.
This is just how I normally am.
Come on! You're totally not
being yourself!
Oh, wait, that's right...
Here. The consomme-flavored
chips you gave me.
No, thanks. I don't want any of
those right now.
But, you-!
Sometimes even I don't feel like
eating anything! [heavy
breathing]
Cho-Cho...
[sigh]
(TOMARU) Oh Cho-Cho!
Huh...?
Thank goodness. I forgot to ask
you something earlier.
Here. This is an important prop.
Can I ask you to take care of
it?
With the death threat, I think
it's too risky to leave it in
the dressing room, don't you?
Th-This is the...
I appreciate it! Thanks so much,
my bodyguard!
[gasp and gulp]
Aweee!
As long as you wear this ring...
...the love that we share
will...
...shine brightly for ever and
ever...
That's it! I've made up my mind!
I am gonna marry Tomaru!
Ninja training's over! Now
begins...
...marriage training!
Oh, Tomaru! We're gonna haveta
pick a date for our ceremony!
Oh!
[worried screaming]
Hey, are you okay?!
Yeah, I'm just fine, but...
[gasp]
[straining]
[grunt] Who are you?!
Where were you, Cho-Cho?!
Sorry!
Where's Ashina?!
Mitsuki's with her. What's the
status?
There's something in his hand!
[grunt]
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
A clone?!
[grunt] Smokescreen!
Mm. Oh!
Quick! This way!
[coughing]
Alright!
He's moving!
Stop him! We'll catch and
question him!
Ninja Art! Super Beast Scroll!
Finish him, Cho-Cho!
Right!
Rebound!
And now Partial Expansion-
(TOMARU) [coughing]
Huh?!
Actually...
Hey!
[pained grunts]
Damn it! Get him!
Cho-Cho, get serious!
Yeah, sure, that's easy for you
to say... [grunt]
I'm sorry. He got away. It's all
my fault.
(PRODUCER) What are you going to
do about it?!
Because you guys dropped the
ball on this one, our talent got
injured! You see that?!
We have to find a replacement
immediately or we won't make our
broadcast schedule!
[groan]
(TOMARU) I have an idea...
What do you say about giving
them a chance to redeem
themselves?
What do you mean by that?
We need a replacement... Why not
let Cho-Cho take over the part?
[gasp] Me?! Really?!
Hmmm...
That thing you did earlier
with the butterfly wings was
beautiful.
[nervous groan]
I'm sure you'd be absolutely
perfect for the role.
And besides, there's a really
cool scene that you'd get to
perform with me...
[trembling and nervous
breathing] [grunt]
A-A-A... A-a-a... A kissing
scene...?!
This is it! This is it, this is
it!
(CHO-CHO) You see, when you're a
true lady like I am, scenes
are written especially for...
you, camera angles are
arranged especially for you...
But more than anything else...
when you have a leading lady
like me...
they write kissing scenes
especially for you-
(SARADA) Cho-Cho! The scene's
about to start!
(CHO-CHO) [nervous groans and
breathing]
(SARADA) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "Super
Cho-Cho Kiss Mode!"
(CHO-CHO) I want to confirm
everything... with your eyes...
and your lips!